hi guys i'm going to do a little
unboxing here of the t-mobile samsung t
249 it's a fifty-dollar prepaid phone
it's pretty good it's not the best but
when you got no cash what you did neat
little fun with a little retina display
so let's get it on box little piece of
phone it's all right I'm not going
to lie well come two meals a little case
um doesn't look like there's tape around
it so i guess you can get in this pretty
well well here's the pump but let's say
this decided to see what it comes with
conwell comes with your t-mobile as I am
card
activation card with an initial of three
dollars and 34 cents comes with the
charger a battery little lithium one
well let's put this aside let's get
straight to the phone well here's the
phone a little slider phone if let's get
that battery on their turn it on
let's check it out I think I might have
to ensure that as I am card well I
really see that piece of but better
than nothing right a little piece of
found at staying in stress in here
let me just do that mother sim
card in there damn that's where i'm like
about t-mobile the SI m card
can't be like verizon huh
let's get this in there
well there you go you could put a card
up to 16 gigabytes has a up and down
button your picture getting your little
charge report a little deal thing here
to put your little cable in there your
camera what sucks about the phone is a
1.2 megapixel fun that is not good takes
the poorest images well thank you
subscribe up yeah